It was on the headland. I actually found it that morning. So we're just a trip and
yeah it was it looked like a log line. I wonder what's that you know just and coming up and down
slowly. When I got over it was as I said it was this minke well absolutely emaciated absolutely
you know nothing left of it dragging this sort of bit of a net looking like trawl net
you know if it sort of knows going back. We went out that day I think there was a
who did I take out? I'd had another trip the next you know I think I went back in and picked up a
trip and came back out. I'm trying to remember that you know he's in the 80s or 90s it was a
long time ago. I do remember Harriet Chapman was on the boat but I thought somebody else another
science pod was with me and then there's a die speed was on a speedboat the other side
and we found it again and then there was a search I think there was WDCS and Cliff Benson
pulled up some money together and did a bit of a search an aerial search for what they thought
they were going to do and they found it I've got no idea especially in a plane. That was hampered
by a lot of fog over the next couple of days and it just disappeared basically
there's nothing you could have done for it. It was trawl net it's quite heavy
it wasn't a fine monofilament it was that sort of orange quite thick you know of a trawl.